some of you might well ask why am I in
Greeks why am i standing at the Piraeus
harbour famous harbour from ancient
Athens some of you might well say that
my travel schedule makes no sense indeed
it doesn't make sense I have made a
series of perfectly rational decisions
for entirely emotional reasons and those
decisions ended up with me being here in
the Piraeus harbour increase there's a
lot of pressure on me to exhaustively
research to try any and every possible
method to get the paperwork to live in
the European Union because my ex-wife my
daughter and my divorce are going on
within the European Union
so if I could become a resident in
Greece if I could after about five years
become a citizen in Greece that would be
a possibility I felt I had to explore
and I was here on a twenty day trip
exploring it and you know what it's
hopeless
I think it probably is impossible or if
it's possible it's just barely possible
and not really worth doing but I guess
if I hadn't come here in person if I
hadn't sort of turned over every rock
then I wouldn't really know or I
wouldn't feel that I know to the same
extent and with the same death and the
same gravity as actually coming here and
I don't know getting my getting my feet
wet getting my hands dirty rolling up my
sleeves having the experience of living
in Greece and looking into everything
that would be involved becoming a Greek
president Greek citizen including as you
guys know the difficulty of learning the
language
the impossibility of doing anything in
the Universities here by the way the
Impala the incredibly limited options I
would have here in terms of career come
and investigate and see for yourself so
I feel that with this trip to Greece the
last remote possibility of me making a
residence in Europe work is now coming
to an end and indeed I mean there's a
kind of strange parallel because why was
I in Taiwan before this and I'm flying
back to Taiwan after the way I really
feel like the trip to Taiwan
my current residency in Taiwan proves
the impossibility of anything positive
coming out of Taiwan for me at least at
least in the long term
so I'm once again in the uncomfortable
dire desperate situation of having
nowhere to go but my own homeland Canada
I've also exhausted every legal
possibility of making progress in French
with that in France with that divorce
case hiring lawyers in France hiring
very expensive international lawyers
that work back and forth between Canada
and France trying everything possible
just to spend time with my daughter and
my ex-wife her most brilliant technique
is just not having her lawyers reply to
emails the French system is really
deeply flawed it relies on me having
paperwork I can't possibly get access to
basically relies on you having
reasonable cooperation from the other
party in order to get divorced and if
the other party just stalls and
Stonewall's and refuse refuses to reply
and refuse to communicate and refuse to
give you the paperwork back refuses to
sign paperwork when you presented with
paperwork then the French process goes
on forever so it looks like the only way
forward for me in my life is to live for
several years consecutively in Canada to
try to file divorce paperwork in France
from Canada and although you know you
might say well that has some advantages
a Canadian court can issue a divorce it
can declare me a single man but it can't
dictate the details of a child sharing
arrangement you know it can't dictate
the deals of when I see my daughter on
school
days or give me control over which
school she's going to which incidentally
under French law I'm supposed to have
supposed to be consulted about all
important decisions made in her life
including when they moved to a new city
or a new country when they enroll in a
new school I'm supposed to be consulted
and sign off on all these things and
absolutely nothing like that has
happened since the divorce so I came to
Greece for her parietal regions but as
they say it's a series of rational
decisions made out of a kind of
emotional desperation ultimately driven
by my daughter those of you who have
watched the YouTube channel for a long
time will know why am i learning Chinese
that also it's a long story
ultimately as absolutely everything to
do for my daughter to do with my
daughter it's being done for my daughter
and yeah you know there's part of you
that says well if you can't make any
progress legally and you can't make any
progress in all these other ways you're
trying shouldn't you at some point give
up and start living your life with
yourself as the top priority and a lot
of you guys don't know this and it's
hard to explain the reason why I left
Victoria and moved to Taiwan also has
absolutely nothing to do with my
daughter the visitation schedule I had
dictated by the court in France made it
impossible for me to attend University
classes at the University of Victoria so
I was in effect forced to drop out of my
university degree because of the the
arrangements to see my daughter dictated
by the divorce in this settlement fest
and again in my mind I had to make a
hard decision that it's like okay am I
gonna stay in Victoria and attend
University classes and burn my parental
rights lose the right to see my daughter
by breaking this custody agreement it's
not technically it's not even an
agreements just it's one-sided
it's dictated by the court it's not an
agreement nobody I didn't agree to
it was just dictated one side of it am I
going to give that up so that I can
finish my university degree and make
progress academically in my career or
you know am I gonna regard seeing my
daughter as the top priority and drop
out of university and UVic at University
of Victoria and guess what decision I
made I made the decision to drop out of
classes and make visiting my daughter
spending time with my daughter the top
are already in my life
I know that's not visible to you guys
because all you see is me sitting in an
apartment recording YouTube videos
talking about politics and then the
summit's then you see bizarre situations
like this but all of these decisions and
this completely surreal travel schedule
it has been directed by this overriding
emotional priority are going to put it
that my daughter and even my daughter's
absence still brings into my life